hey what's up people youtube I got some
very nice news today it was from a
battlefield tweaked on my Twitter and
they've said that free new expansion
packs are coming out which i think is
great news they've announced all three
at the same time they are called
battlefield free close quarters which is
coming out in June which is really good
for me because I turn 18 in June it's
gonna be a nice little treat for me
we've also got battlefield free armored
kill which is coming out in the fall so
around autumn time everything and then
finally we have battlefield free end
game there's no information on end game
apart from the fact that it is coming
out in the winter that's about it which
will include four maps I think I think
each one's gonna have four maps a bit
like the karkans load so that's about it
so anyway I will now get onto details so
bad for free close quarters as I said
it's coming out in June bad for free
close quarters and I am quoting a the
battlefield free website here
battlefield free close quarters in back
feel free close quarters players I've
dropped into a frantic infantry only fit
of war frostbite to high definition
destruction makes the environments come
alive as everything from furniture to
plastic it's shot to pieces players will
feel the intensity of the world
exploding around them as rebel and
broken pieces pile up on that excuse me
pile up on the floor while tights level
design and vertically and vertical
gameplay create a highly competive
environment so that's mostly information
on battlefield free clothes cause which
again comes out in june just so you know
it also says battlefield free clothes
cause also introduced new weapons
assignments and unique dog tags to bring
back to the base game so yeah that's bad
for free close quarters getting onto the
battlefield free armored kill which
comes out in autumn following the tight
infantry gameplay of battlefield 3
closing quarters dice will release
battlefield free armored kill that ups
the ante for fur I can never pronounce
this vehicular Vic EULA I don't know
using vehicles vehicular mayhem as only
batter Phil can do
featuring new drivable tanks ATVs mobile
artillery and more so obviously you're
going to be having some really nice new
vehicles in there which i think is also
very good because let's face it no
offense to dice but the land vehicles
that came out in the karkan maps were
the littlest bit shit so yeah it also
says that yeah so you've got new Drive
all tanks ATVs mobile artillery and more
battlefield 3 armored kill also delivers
huge battle fields for an all-out
vehicle assault including way for it the
biggest map in battlefield history so
you can forget all the maps that you had
in battlefield I don't know like 2140 so
you can forget all of those this one is
going to have the biggest battle field
map throughout all of them and if you
think about I play battlefield on xbox I
I'm all right with that I like playing
on the xbox if I had a better pc apart
from this piece of shit then I would
probably be playing on PC although I
probably won't have many friends on it
because I don't play on PC much but if
you think about it fair enough it's
gonna be a bit smaller on xbox but on
xbox we're going to have it like the
size how the pc maps are now whereas the
pc maps for this are gonna be
mind-blowing you are just gonna have no
idea how big it is just going to stretch
up for miles that's practically it
anyway and as I said there's also a
battlefield free end game coming out i
get i get the names mixed up in the last
two why don't the one i just talked
about was battlefield free armored kill
of all the vehicles and everything and
there's battlefield free end game which
doesn't have much information apart from
I think it's for maps as usual and that
and that that is coming out in winter so
yeah that is the nice little news i had
today now of course i'm a big
battlefield fan and if any cod cod fans
are watching this don't get me wrong I
like God I'm not ashamed to say well I
am a little bits my friends don't like
cod but I don't mind cod I will happily
play with my friends are playing it but
I do prefer battlefield so sorry about
that anyway
so yeah that that's that's the news
there are free new map packs coming out
what I thought understand is why they've
announced all three of them early I mean
yes it's really good news but why now
it's all free at the same time it's a
bit I don't know it's confusing there is
um a picture to this which you should
just see now as you can see the new
picture for it does actually show a bit
of close quarters gameplay it looks like
we're gonna be inside in a couple of
buildings for some of these as you know
there are a couple of small maps excuse
me for example um all day on traffic now
not golf them and it begins with grand
bazaar this Grand Bazaar which is like a
load of tight quarters maps and close
call maps I've got the film is gonna be
like that there's gonna be a lot more
buildings that you can be involved in
you can roam around more I like I said
being inside buildings you are just
going to be going from room to room
clearing out each room that's how it's
probably going to be for the close
quarters map pack which is obviously
hence the name come on so yeah I think
that's going to be it I think out of all
of these I'm I admit I'm not much of a
close quarters player I like having a
bit of distance between me and the enemy
um so I think out of all of these i'm
probably looking forward to armored kill
the most i do like going in vehicles i
mean come on it's battlefield who
doesn't like going vehicles so yeah i
think i'm looking forward to armored
kill which comes out in autumn so yeah
i'm probably looking more forward to
that one what I do like though is the
fact that close quarters is going to
have the more weapons assignments and
some old dog tags as far as i know i've
got all the dog tags I've like all like
the preorder ones and the ones you can
buy I've got all of those so far I still
need to unlock a load of him I'm rank
dear lord I don't know what rank I out I
think I'm I got promoted last night i
think i am colonel service star 14 i
believe i'm not sure but um yet so I've
got all the dog tank so far and more
dogs tax just know there's more dog tax
coming on that is actually pretty
exciting you know just hearing that
there are gonna be more dog tags so yeah
that is really nice so anyway that's
more or less it so battlefield 3 close
quarters comes out in june battlefield 3
armored kill comes out in autumn
battlefield free end game which I do
apologize that honestly it's not much
information it just says it is coming
out in winter so yeah that is the
battlefield news for today there might
be more later on there might not anyway
thanks for it's not technically watching
is I'm only speaking so yeah thanks for
listening and goodbye